What are you doing here?
Mom, I know you've always been angry, right?
It's us who shouldn't
You shouldn't put Yanyan on the ambition network
It separated you two
Mom, Zheng Hai and I regret it now too
The children we owe
Too much. Too much.
Mom, you have to help us.
As long as you are a middleman
Let Yanyan and we settle our differences
Okay? As soon as you open your mouth
This Yanyan will definitely forgive us
I can't let go of this old face
Omg
Now I don't know who else to ask but you
Then help us.
How about recently?
A lot has happened at the company
The pain of the real estate in my name has come a lot
But it's still unstoppable.
If you want to go on like this
The company did go out of business
I'll tell you how you went back to repent
Are you afraid that the company will go bankrupt?
Lost the life of fine clothes and jade food?
Mom, you don't know
It's not just about the company
A few days ago, Yaoyao said a few unintentional words
Yanyan, she really cares
She wants to sue Yaoyao
Not only ask for compensation
And a public apology.
Now Yaoyao is facing
Resident rebels
That must be what Yaoyao said
I see Yanyan
Mom, why didn't you even ask?
Just say Yanyan did the right thing.
Yaoyao or is it your dear granddaughter?
How can you let an outsider
Bullied on the head of your own granddaughter?